
 <h1>xFreeMeda Privacy policy </h1>
 
 <h2>Users data stored in the firebase database: </h2>

If the users consents and decides to make his profile public the information that consists of: 

1) E-mail address
2) Users name
3) FacebookID (if User gets Facebook authentication)
4) Profile Picture 

Is stored in the Firebase database and can be accesed by all Users publicly. The App uses mentioned information only to help User find his friends and contacts using the app.

 <h2>Users data stored locally on device   </h2>

All other information procided by the users including:
1) Their profile page
2) links to their other social media accounts (like: facebook, instagram, youtube)
3) Posts 
4) Users contacts
5) Users photos

Is stored only loccaly on Users device. And can be shared only by the users explicit action in direct email message within the Application.

<h2> Responsibilities and code of conduct of the application provider </h2>

The application provider has no acces to content generated by the Users inside the application. So he does not take any responsibility for the content shared on the platform.
The user takes full responsibility for the contat like (post/ private messages) he/she shares using the application, every information that is shared inside application is done be explicit Users cosent, using direct E-mail messages.


The application provider does not store or has acces at any stage to any Users data beside the information mentioned in first paragraph that is stored inside pubilc firebase database. 
